hey everybody its Casey and welcome to
part number two of this limited-edition
event celebrating Independence Day in
America so when we left off we had a poo
but it wasn't normal of who it was all
American a poo yes that's right he ended
up getting a costume which made him All
American a poo and he actually had to
stock up on illegal fireworks for 24
hours yeah that's just that's a shame
it's usually 12 or 24 hour quest it
seems but that is finally done as you
can see right there so let's see what we
have next so we got a pillar in the next
particular quest for this limited
edition event and he goes stocking this
many explosions in such close proximity
to cigarette smoking twelve-volt is
dangerous
so bad Casey I better sell these
fireworks fast
okay so cut you've read the Rockets red
glare part number three huh I still
can't get over I'm trying to their voice
but you know he just changed his voice
on the episodes though that's what I was
going for anyway so we've gotta get a
poo to turn a profit for twelve hours as
you can see there
Xavi goes
and we also have to send a 15
Springfield residents to buy fireworks
so homers gonna go first that's a
no-brainer
we got Ned Flanders not sure why he'd
want to but he is Cletus you can't
afford it but he's going anyway who else
Skinner the mama's boy and we've got
comic book guy so my apologies guys my
game actually ended up crashing on me
but I'm back and we're gonna continue on
with you Rockets red glare so grandpa
he's gonna go buy some fireworks and we
got Barney
the drunk oh my goodness that would be
help if I was there looking out Lenny
does that mean Carl's closed behind
oh it does very cool so Kyle's going as
well Moe Szyslak poor Bowl but at least
to have some social human interaction
Herman
go go Hermione probably gonna raise some
hell
speaking of hell okay I've fired Steph
said oh no that's heaven for that guy
dr. Hibbert really that's bizarre what
the hell's he gonna do with fireworks
Krusty
oh I don't he'll have some fun hey
Reverend Lovejoy
so that means bible-thumping Ned is
probably close behind and that's it so
okay guys all fifteen Springfield
residents are off to buy fireworks I
would just take checking Fat Tony but it
doesn't look like every single character
can be sent for this particular quest
which is kind of a shame but in the end
it doesn't really matter either so hope
just easier access to click everybody
out one try it wouldn't go all together
but so far so good I mean it's it's
going a lot smoother than I thought it
would it to be honest
so I'm going to wait for 12 hours for
the quest to be complete and then we
will carry on so there we go
appoo is down is 12 hours and the
Rockets red glare part number three is
just about complete
I say almost complete cuz I just
actually have to check something for
just half a sec here
okay
and there we go it is now complete the
route the Rockets red glare part number
three so the million-dollar question is
what the hell am i doing now gotta be a
quest here somewhere they can up their
mind
it's Homer I was not thinking it would
be Homer
yawn I can't sleep the noise from all
these fireworks is keeping me up unless
it goes
but you're the one lighting them you
can't stop anytime you like if I stop
blowing up these m-80s even for one
second then the Soviet Union wins and
our founding fathers get our heads
chopped off for nothing or their heads
chopped off heard of a maybe some coffee
will wake you up and help you make sense
so the Rockets red glare part number
four build the Nighthawk diner what the
hell is the Nighthawk diner okay I see
Rex better now I know what the diner is
I'm gonna quote something from the show
for just two seconds here you got ready
it isn't a very happy birthday for a Rex
banner awesome so it cost fifty thousand
that's just so random I know guys
so let's see wait never mind when I had
to squint on our way
this is the limited edition thing for
the independence day thing I am getting
confused because it's a both hovel going
on it was alright so I don't know where
to put this I have no space
oh you know what action I'm gonna move
some of the stuff just to the right
so move that there let's move Herman's
training dummy there move that there and
at least a snowman or snow woman over
there
okay
perfect so like pretty much every
building in the game is gonna cost it's
going to be 24 hours to do
so there we go guys that is going to a
wrap up part number two of this a
limited edition
July 4th event celebrating Independence
Day if you enjoyed this video feel free
to like and subscribe it is all good
guys my name is Casey
and I will see you on the next one